VectorData Expand by Default via write_dataset (#1093)
hdmf-dev/hdmf: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `TypeConfigurator` to automatically wrap fields with `TermSetWrapper` according to a configuration file. @mavaylon1 [#1016](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/1016)
- Updated `TermSetWrapper` to support validating a single field within a compound array. @mavaylon1 [#1061](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/1061)
- Updated testing to not install in editable mode and not run `coverage` by default. @rly [#1107](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/1107)

> - Updated the new default behavior for writing VectorData as expandandable datasets. This does not override user set chunking parameters. @mavaylon1 [#1093](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/1093)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the default behavior for writing HDF5 datasets to be expandandable datasets with chunking enabled by default. This does not override user set chunking parameters. @mavaylon1 [#1093](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/1093)
```

Reviewer: The implementation changes this for all datasets, not just VectorData (although VectorData was the motivation for this change)

> - Updated the default behavior for writing HDF5 datasets to be expandandable datasets with chunking enabled by default. This does not override user set chunking parameters. @mavaylon1 [#1093](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/1093)

Reviewer 2: expandandable -> expandable
